you
a test that could detect a virus when the virus wasn't present.
And in addition to that, he didn't have virus, coronavirus, COVID-19 to work with, right?
He was drawing the sequencing from a computer database.
Is all of that correct?
Yes, I would say he had an intention to pick up the virus when it was present, but in his design, he admitted that he couldn't do a very good job with imperfect information and it would pick up other Asian coronaviruses.
And that it would pick up other Asian coronaviruses.
And when you say pick up, meaning the test would indicate returning positive if there were other coronaviruses.
And for the layperson, I didn't know this either,
Everything is a coronavirus.
I mean, things, I don't mean, many cold viruses are also called coronavirus.
In fact, COVID-19, it sounded so exotic and scary when we first learned about it, coronavirus, but many, many ordinary cold viruses are coronaviruses.
Is that correct?
It's correct.
you
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
introduce Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent
panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
Until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, and it's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles, because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
know when when we have this new pandemic that is you know got 75 mortality and uh it it's not it's there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it has to be i'm afraid that the latest data literally turning into a worst case scenario
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue is.
Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different... No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so.
I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
So,
Good afternoon, everybody.
7th of July.
Happy birthday, Audrey.
We are here again to try and dispel just a little bit of the enchantment.
Help another person onto the boat.
Help another person onto the ladder out of the cave.
Even this cartoon is part of the cave.
And if we're gonna do this right, we're gonna have to call it like we see it.
And we are definitely in the interesting times that everybody hoped for when we were kids.
And our consciousness is now the prime real estate that all of these people are competing to occupy.
And it is not a matter of what's true that counts, but it is a matter of what is perceived to be true.
And so you cannot underestimate how this race to occupy your mind is on.
because they don't want you to be able to look back to 2020 and see that there was no spread in New York City.
They don't want you to look back to pre-2020 virology and realize that virology was defined by transfection and transformation that they called infectious clones.
They don't want you to be able to look back and see that placebo batches would have been the obvious way to do this, and they don't want you to see that hundreds of thousands of academic biologists and doctors should have done known better, that transfection in healthy mammals was dumb, and Brett Weinstein and other people could have brought us to that finish line earlier, and in fact they still haven't done it.
The protocols were definitely murder, but nobody will talk about how supplementary oxygen, as high flow as necessary, was really crucial to the narrative in 2020.
And gain-of-function remains a mythology.
Anybody using that phrase stole it from me.
Scooby-Doo is definitely a real mystery that they got us to solve with Rand Paul and Tony Fauci performing for us just like Peter Daszak performed for us and George Webb performed for us on 60 Minutes.
These are all part of this ongoing national security operation to get you to believe
that gain of function is not a mythology, but it's real and that the protocols were just the best that we could do.
And it's a spectacular commitment to these lies that these people are engaged in and work together to cover up.
So if you want to understand what's happened, it's pretty much these three things.
Weaponized piles of money convinced us to argue about the origins of the virus.
By participating in that argument, we accepted the premise of the novel virus by default.
And we are still governed by this theater that spans from mainstream media all the way to social media platforms and includes all sides of this mythology.
Not just Joe Rogan, but all the people below him.
most of them were put there.
And the way that you can see them is that they argue with each other and then they attribute bad motives to people like me, people like Mark.
They don't even really talk about him.
And that's really all they've got left because these weaponized piles of money need you to pay attention to the clown show that they've put together.
The coordinated Lollapalooza of liars that they would love it if you'd just focus on the one that this guy created.
But it's not that simple.
It's not just the one that this guy created.
It's not just the one that the WEF and these transhumanists have created with their nonsense about how AI and data collection is going to solve all of our problems in the near future.
It is really about the history and I think Mark Kulak of Housatonic ITS is really one of the finest examples of an American trying to characterize and archive the relevant American history and the connections between these people because it is ultimately how these ideas were generated and then passed on from teacher to mentor to student.
And that's why we have Robert Malone and Judy Mikovits, and a lot of these people who have been involved with Tony Fauci for a long time, been involved with retroviruses and latent viruses and HIV for a long time.
The same charlatans still have power over us, and if it's not the same charlatans, it's their students.
And once you see that this all goes back to a few creeps,
and that they've all descended from these few creeps, including some of these people, we might have a chance of taking the power back from these charlatans.
I think it's actually possible to make gentle the life of this world as we pull our kids out of their mythology, but it's not going to be easy.
to pull them out of the mythology that Fauci and his colleagues have created, that Robert Malone and Judy Mikovits have participated in creating, and Jessica Rose played her role in protecting.
We've got to show them the fake wave of consensus and teach them to surf it, maybe even use it against them.
But they've got to see that what they're doing is not real.
It's going away from the deep water and it's too pure and it's too perfect and they ignore you just fine.
It's a wave of consensus that you do not want to try and surf in the end.
You really just want to get off of it.
Get back to the beach.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you've been here for a while, you've definitely learned to stay focused on the biology and not take their bait.
And probably also engaged in a little loving of your neighbor, which is really wonderful.
We need to do this in America and around the world if we're gonna take our universe back.
If we're going to bring back some semblance of freedom and sovereignty, I think it might be helpful if you could spread the word of this biology so that new people can find it.
60 people at 14 minutes into the stream is absolutely fantastic.
Thank you very much if you've already tweeted it out or posted a link.
Thank you so much.
I'm really excited to be here today.
I think I've got a good set of short videos to share with you that will, if presented correctly, I think can really give you an insight into a time slice of what they're doing to us right now.
It's really extraordinary how far we've come in four and a half years to accept a new world order based on Batcave viruses.
But we can still, I think, cause a very big paradigm shift.
I think it's possible that if we draw attention to the right things and ask the right questions that people can really be woken up in a way that none of these people thought possible.
But it essentially requires that we stop participating.
That's going to mean united non-compliance and engaging in it by getting off of social media or using social media that is free and federated.
And free and federated.
Oh!
Good afternoon, everybody.
It's 3.37 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is GigaOM Biological.
My name is Jonathan Couey, and I'm the biologist that brings you this show.
It is 7th of July, 2024.
I am a human just like you.
I'm on Team Human just like you.
And I think biology is the way out.
At least it's what unites us all and unites us across ideologies.
And that's why I think these three statements about the biology are a good way to start, especially with people who think they know a little bit.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
Let's debate those things.
Let's talk about those things.
Let's continue to move the ball forward about these ideas.
This is basically what happened.
Weaponized piles of money convinced us to argue about the origins of the virus, and by participating in the argument, we accepted the premise of the novel virus by default.
And we are still governed by this theater that spans from mainstream media to all social media platforms.
It includes all sides of the mythology.
And so that means that Tony Fauci and Robert Malone are on the same team.
That means Rick Bright and Robert Malone are on the same team.
That means probably Cadillac and Sina Bavari and David Hone and
and Robert Malone are all on the same team, which means that because he doesn't mention Judy Mikovits ever, except for when he appears in music videos with her, it's also very likely that they are part of the same mythology that we're supposed to believe they are campaigning against.
And so this is where we are.
We've been in the car with these people for about four and a half years now.
And being in the car with them isn't comfortable because there are multiple people in the car with you and they're all lying to you.
Maybe some of them whisper into your ear about what the people in the front seat are doing, but they're all lies.
They're to get you to choose a side or trust the driver versus the passenger or trust the person sitting next to you in the back seat.
and as they undermine each other's narratives in front of you, it feels like you're figuring out something, and then you start trusting one of them, and that person is lying alongside of them.
When they get out of the car and go into the fast food restaurant, they're gonna talk about what they're gonna talk about with you when they get back with the food.
And that's what's been happening on Twitter, that's what's been happening on Facebook, that's what happens everywhere in Telegram, in Gab, in all these places, on Discord, it's all the same joke.
that they give you a hamster wheel to run in.
They make you feel like you're being heard.
We're gonna get your message out.
And then on Twitter, these people that pretend to be opponents do a very concerted, almost like a barbershop quartet from a malevolent dumpster fire.
And so here you have Sasha Latupova harmonizing with Kevin McKernan.
even though Sasha Latupova is supposed to be the arch enemy of Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone were on the same Senate hearing committee something something where Robert Malone basically populated the room.
And so you can see it plain as day that somebody who's got me blocked, arguing with somebody who has tried to absorb anything useful she could from me without endangering the fundamental mythology,
and been very nasty about it.
And the elephant in the room, of course, is her very minor daughter before the pandemic and the absolutely hours and hours of disgusting videos that are available of her when she's clearly like 12 years old.
And I don't know what kind of parent allows that to happen.
I don't know what kind of parent allows their minor daughter to be used by Alex Jones
But that same person is now harmonizing on Twitter with Kevin McKernan and has been for some time.
She's had two full appearances on the Defender podcast because she's got so much intelligence to say, intelligent to say.
And because she's such a skilled painter, I think.
And so these people are all part of the national security operation that they purport to be blowing the whistle on.
That's why it's really funny when Sasha Latupova says it's the DOD, because for her, it would be absolutely not ironic at all if she was actually part of the DOD.
But it's not really the DOD that's doing it, of course.
It's HHS, and it's the executive branch, and it's a lot of other intelligence agencies, all of whom are probably infiltrated by traitors who are working in concert to make this appear like it's something that's out of control.
What you have to realize is that this little limited spectrum of debate gag that they've been pulling on social media lately, that we've become aware of on Twitter lately, they've been doing that behind the scenes at the government for years with lobbyists and dinner meetings and lobbyist meetings and lanyard meetings and top secret meetings.
These are all places where a lot of times the illusion of consensus can be much more enticing, much more enchanting.
And so while Noam Chomsky points out that they do that with the newspaper to you guys,
That's still a limited hangout because he's not telling you that that's how lobbyists do it in the government.
That's how the defense department or DITRA or somebody working for an intelligence agency would control a news outlet or would even control the office of some senator.
By having multiple people lying in concert, but you don't realize that they're working together.
They could all be Americans and still be doing that, and that's indeed what I imagine is done.
That people conspire behind the backs of people that work in Congress and lie to them in concert.
Of course, Noam Chomsky tells you that only happens on TV, but the worst, most malevolent examples of it are when people do it to you face to face.
You know, like a meeting of four people on the internet, and three of them are definitely traitors.
It's like sabotaging a tug of war.
It's not very hard and nobody can really figure it out if they're actually trying.
And it's been going on for decades.
That's why Edward Bernays told us this in writing in 1924.
And once you realize that Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and probably Pierre Cory and probably Peter McCullough and probably all of these people
who rose early had to be co-opted or you would have never seen them.
Some of them are dead.
Some of them had their whole towns burned down.
Some of them got to write books about ivermectin.
And that's why you see me hammering on a Human Genome Project employee and serial entrepreneur for real
Kevin McKernan, because he was put in place very early to control one side of the narrative, one part of the narrative, one angle on the narrative and put in place as a PCR guy, because he decided that he had to check the weed for coronavirus.
And that's why I play him every day like this and say it, because that's what's happening.
These people have misled us and they've misled us by lying to us in concert.
Agreeing not to go to certain places with certain things like Brett Weinstein agreed not to say transfection often enough for it to matter to anyone even though he knew He knew I was yelling about it in 2021 because I was yelling at him Begging him for a zoom meeting so that I could explain to him why it was imperative that we taught everyone and why I wrote that review Why we had to pause this transfection shit
And this is just two days ago.
Him saying that it's not a widely understood term.
Well, no shit, Sherlock.
Says the guy with a million followers.
Says the guy who gets like 50,000 new followers every three days.
This is not by chance.
It's a carefully orchestrated script.
using a carefully orchestrated programming in social media to cause these people to rise because they still want us to teach our children that gain of function is real.
They still need us to do that.
That's still the primary objective.
That's why none of these people will ever talk about what Jonathan Cooey says on these slides.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent because all of the people at any university in America that are in the biology department or in the medical sciences, whatever, whatever's, all these departments are using basic molecular biology, which is transfection,
and therefore they should have done known better and therefore it becomes criminally negligent that these people didn't speak up.
RNA cannot pandemic and anybody that knows anything about the fidelity of copying RNA or has ever listened to a lecture by Mark Dennison or Ralph Baric knows that RNA cannot pandemic in the way that has been described by Kevin McKernan with the 16 or 17 million sequences that he believes in because the Arctic primers are great.
in mind now all three scenarios all three lab leak natural gain of function applied start with a clean earth and that sometime in 2019 it's not clean anymore and it starts to spread and it goes around the world and it evolves in a very predictable way
And now we've come to the conclusion that it's likely from gain of function, that the variants are culturable and evidence of evolution and lockdowns, if would have been done correctly, would have worked great because we see that from Australia and New Zealand.
It's America that didn't lock down.
And that's why we had such a disaster in New York City.
And the variants continue Omicron, blah, blah, blah.
Now we're looking for a high infectious variant Omicron, a Hivocron.
And they are the ones who created this illusion of consensus.
They did it.
Geert van den Bosch, Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Jessica Rose, Pierre Kory, hot tub circuiting it around the EU and America.
They're the ones who created the consensus of a novel virus spreading that needed novel treatments like ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine or high flow nasal oxygen as high as it could go.
Don't put them on a ventilator until you really have to kind of shit.
They did it.
And we were led to believe that they were speaking out because it was different than what was on TV and because they said Fauci bad, Dezak bad, Fauci bad, Dezak bad.
And we were led to believe them because of an illusion of consensus on social media.
And the way they are getting away with it now is because they ask dumb questions.
Who's gonna come to our rescue?
Is it gonna be Bobby Kennedy?
Is everything under their control?
Do they all have resorts outside of the ring of ice on the flat earth?
Is that where they all go on vacation in their private jets?
And the way they're getting away with it is not talking about 2020, talking about the COVID shot.
I noticed that they've stopped talking about the contamination, and I think because we've blown it already.
The contamination doesn't mean shit, because the lipid nanoparticles are nasty, and because transfection in healthy humans is nasty.
It's a dumb idea.
Even in a fantasy world where vaccination with a combination of substances injected intramuscularly works occasionally, transfection is so not that, and it's so much dumber.
More dumb?
I think dumber.
Dumb and dumber.
Yeah, that's right.
The faith is a lie.
It's a background signal.
Many, many, many background signals.
Untold numbers of background signals that allowed someone like Nathan Wolf to tour the world for four or five years with metabiotic claiming that this huge background signal was going to be the source of new life.
I get so tired of it when people say that I don't mention metabiota.
I've been saying metabiota for four years now because they are part of this illusion.
And more importantly, they were evidence of this incredibly hot background that even before I realized the extent to which they've exaggerated the fidelity of their understanding, I at least understood that metabiota was a crazy example of how there's this background signal that they apparently think won't ever interfere with a PCR test.
even though all the PCR tests that were ever granted in EUA in the United States only had to go against water controls and pure controls, not environmental controls, where there could be potentially unlimited sources of noise in the RNA and DNA range, which is just absurd.
that none of these people talk about the potential for a background signal being misconstrued.
A background signal from us, a background signal from out there, a background signal from our microbiome or from the many bacteriophages that are released and work with our microbiome.
Like this is absurd.
Transfection is the only thing that's for real.
Sina Bavari knows it.
David Hone knows it.
They've got a patent on virus-like particles that can do all kinds of transfection fancy stuff.
Great big long rod shaped ones.
Look a lot like Ebola.
Stanley Plotkin, interesting guy that nobody ever mentions, but Paul Offit wrote a book with him.
Paul Offit wrote a big-ass book with Stanley Plotkin called Vaccines.
It's about this big, you know, just in case it's, you know, you can't, can't be very understand, understand very much if the book is so thick.
Holy sh... Who's gonna talk about Hilary Koprowski after Mark and me?
Anyone?
What about the Barr family?
Is anyone else gonna, anyone interested in the Barr family and the many interesting things that Mark has found?
Not just with the latest guy that was working for Donald Trump, but his brothers, his father.
What about Joshua Lederberg?
How many times has Robert Malone, what was he like, you know, a fly on the wall when Joshua Lederberg was sitting at the table with a couple of his mentors talking shit or had a poster or at a conference over coffee or maybe even at drinks?
How come he never talks about Joshua Lederberg?
even though he was contemporaries in the retrovirus age with people like Gallo and Gardner and Baltimore that all probably sat down at the same table at one time or another and all probably had their postdocs around.
Nobody talks about like important people.
Fauci, DESAC, EcoHealth.
I mean, Jinky Leaks won't even say that Malone is obviously a crook.
Because DITRA and 10 or 20 years of vaccine methodology peddling and private consulting and sitting in on study sections and whatever else he claims to do, bioethics expert, this kind of thing, that's not enough for Jinky Leaks.
Robert Malone is still a pretty good guy relative to me.
He focuses on Nick Hudson and, uh, you know, these really bad guys.
So I've been focused on Robert Malone for quite some time.
And yesterday I did a pretty good stream about Robert Malone.
Was it yesterday?
I think it was yesterday.
Um, an old video of him on the Vajon health, um, from,
June of 2021, where he basically gave away way, way, way, way, way, way, way too much.
And so I want to go over what he gave away.
Make sure that you go back and see that video if you need to see it.
The first thing he gave away was that he worked on retroviruses.
And that's really interesting because a retrovirus is only a retrovirus if it has reverse transcriptase in it.
If there's no reverse transcriptase in a retrovirus, it's just an RNA virus.
Now, I hope everybody can understand that.
Because the next thing that'll come up on the screen kind of intellectually collaborates with that or harmonizes with that.
Because if you worked on retroviruses, and by definition, retroviruses are just RNA viruses that have a reverse transcriptase enzyme in them, which is what
Robert, I mean, David Baltimore got the Nobel Prize for, not for finding retroviruses, but for finding reverse transcriptase.
So he worked on retroviruses, and more importantly, he was investigating packaging sequences.
So he was looking at these small RNA sequences associated with, I guess, retroviral infection, and looking to see which one of these sequences would be sufficient to cause packaging
and then what point mutations would do.
So he said in that interview that he was already working with synthetic RNA and mutating it to see how it would change packaging, trying to understand the infectious cycle, but in particular what genes and proteins are triggering the packaging mechanism.
which I would argue already exists in every cell.
It's not that you're hijacking the cell and making it do something that it doesn't already do.
You're hijacking known and existing machinery which signals with RNA and DNA by little exosomes.
And in so doing, he was looking for the sequences that cause that, that can cause that, that could be associated with other genes that would cause those genes to be packaged.
See, that's the trick.
He was working on that.
And more importantly, he told the story that he was working on that in parallel with other postdocs because it was such a cutthroat lab that they put multiple postdocs on the same thing.
And it was so damaging to him that he got a doctor certified diagnosis of PTSD because it was just so cutthroat.
He was told not to go there, but he did it anyway because of his passion for this molecular biology.
And since then, he's worked with DITRA, DOD, The Who, many times presenting, even handing the mic off to Rick Bright in one video that we've watched, and NIH study sections to the tune of $50 billion, I believe.
You can check that if you want.
So he won't touch Judy Mikovits, mostly because they like to make music videos together.
And he has worked at Solvay with Geert van den Bosch.
And they actually did a COVID movie in 2021, where Robert Malone is wearing this like black taxi cab driver hat.
And they're walking around in the mountains of Spain.
And there's drone footage and shit.
So this is a long-standing theater.
And if you want to see more about it, I would again suggest that you go to housatonicits.com and look at Robert Malone's tab and then follow some of the links.
Watch some of the videos and see, especially his latest, his last one about Robert Malone and this whole thing.
There's just too many connections to write this guy off as anything other.
I mean, he's really intimately involved in this.
And that's why when he came on the Brett Weinstein podcast, he was kind of awkward because I think he was coordinating behind the scenes before they decided to put him in front of camera because, I guess because they were, the train was out of control.
And so yesterday we watched the limited spectrum of Vajon, I believe, which was actually the limited spectrum of Malone, of course.
And now Vajon has become the limited spectrum of Geert.
And he was always the limited spectrum of Hert.
Hert has been on his show, Vajon's show, like more than 20 times.
And one of the earliest places that he came out was on this UK podcast hosted by Dr. Philip McMillan.
And so that limited spectrum of Malone that we went back to in 2021 is very extraordinary in light of the fact that Geert van den Bosch has worked with that guy intensely and that that guy even plugs him when he's not on the show.
He'll do a whole show about Geert.
So over there, you have a group of people and other places like Hart.
and all these different little groups on like drastic.
They're all these little places where these people can infiltrate and steer and curate the narrative with some local infiltrators.
Robert Malone can appear in CHD and as long as Mary Holland and Meryl Nass are in on the gig, then whenever anybody objects to it, they can pivot, make it okay and defend Malone when nobody's on the Zoom and everything is fine.
Then they report back to Malone and say, yeah, they didn't really like that thing that you said before.
And then the next time he shows up in the Zoom meeting, he can make sure that he says something that makes that doubt go away.
And that's why Robert Malone is on so many podcasts so often, like Tommy and Shannon Joy.
This is a circuit because it is a continuing titration of partial truths being curated by people that work for the state.
That's why Robert Malone is now on the rational side of the flu debate, not talking about crazy stuff like gain of function, but just talking about matter of fact, there is flu.
Matter of fact, it does jump.
We've seen it jump before.
There aren't very many infections, so don't be worried.
And then the counterpoint of that, of course, is Brownstone and the Children's Health Defender that starts off with a story about firemen that are developing all different ways to make terrible fires, and then one gets out.
And so today, I think it's really important that we focus on trying to see how malevolent it is that they won't talk about what they were doing in 2020, that they won't really talk about what they were saying in 2021.
And they won't admit that they're still not saying transfection.
They're still not teaching people anything about how transfection works.
Uh, sorry.
Now we should have a slide.
And it's limited spectrum of off it.
And I'm going to bring up a separate video here.
I'm not going to use that to go in there.
So first of all, I wanted to show you this, right?
Because yesterday we watched a video.
I'll remind you.
We watched this one.
This one was from June 21.
What was it?
June 21, Saturday the 5th.
See, so this is like two weeks before he was on the Bret Weinstein podcast.
So that's the reason why it's so raw.
That's the reason why you need to download it and archive it because it's probably one of the earliest examples of the full pitch and how bad it is.
How many details he has edited out as it evolved and as they reviewed it.
Um, and, and so the whole start of that thing was he was super smiley and we were asking yesterday when we were watching the movie, is there a clear warning?
And there never was.
So then I want you to see this, that just today he has done another video here.
Hi, good evening.
I'm Dr. Philip McMillan.
Thank you for joining me.
And I'm keeping you updated with relevant news because GERT is stepping back.
He's making a significant shift.
And whenever GERT does anything, I take note.
And I'm going to be going through his latest PDF here.
I've highlighted a few points.
It's like SARS-CoV-2.
I am ready for a major change.
So he's stepping back.
And that usually indicates to me that he realizes that where we are,
can't be fixed.
Now keep in mind that Herit has said this several times that there would be a virulent variant because of some, I don't know, he called it infectious pressure or some shit and the point is is that he has been reiterating this every season since 2021 and one of the reasons why I wrote the review that I wrote in 2021 was because in December of 2020 and January of 2021
I heard the theory of Herod von den Bosch, and I read some papers about Marek's disease, and it seemed like, wow, that's an interesting thread.
Now, the one curious little detail here for me is that a guy by the name of Luigi Warren, a member of Drastic, and one of the people that was involved in Moderna and did a postdoc with RNA stuff,
and was in a fold out in the USA Today in 2020, is the guy that sent me the Marek's Disease paper and kind of set me up to get excited about the same thing that Gerrit van den Bosch was excited about.
And then I got contacted and encouraged to write that review, and I did write it and title it, Pause All Transfections.
And while I made a lot of cogent arguments that weren't related to the virus, I also made the argument that Haaretz has been making and continues to make to this day, that the highly effective transfections to the spike protein are causing the immune systems of people that are infected to enrich the virus for highly infectious variants.
And it's only a matter of time before these, before these transfected people are overwhelmed.
And it will be a pandemic of the vaccinated.
And so this is where they are now, which is kind of bizarre.
There's almost no point to saying anything more.
And this is what I think is coming across.
Now, a lot of people still don't understand what Gert had said initially.
And I had the
privilege of speaking with Gert in 2021 when he made that first statement about... So he was one of the first guys to talk to Gert when Gert made his big predictions in 2021 and he was one of the first guys to talk to Robert Malone when they couldn't keep the script on the rails because people like me were saying stop all transfections in humans way too early.
Now, what I want to watch, of course, is Beyond the Noise here with Offutt.
From Microbe TV, this is Beyond the Noise, episode number 40, recorded on June 29th, 2024.
One thing I would like to point out is that I did two bike rides on YouTube in 2020 about Helena Chan's paper that still hasn't been published, where she shows a very stable genome in all the sequences that were reported, whereas in the sequences that were
were derived from the 2002 epidemic of SARS-1, there's quite a big change from sequence to sequence and seems to suggest that the SARS-1 signal, whatever that sequence was, was changing much more rapidly than the one that was
found in Wuhan and also characterized in America and Italy and elsewhere, all of these sequences were highly homologous, which was quite an anomaly when compared to the data that we had derived from the original SARS outbreak in 2002.
That paper is not there.
Instead, she wrote a book with Matt Ridley and has been one of the leading experts on Twitter about the lab leak and is really skilled with GIFs and with long Twitter threads.
and has been going really, really strong since May 2020.
And now she's got a permanent position with the Broad Institute, which is connected to Whitehead, of course, the two places being Salk and Whitehead, where, of course, Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan both cut their teeth at these respective institutes.
So here we go, Paul Offit.
one of the high priests of vaccines, so much so that he is on a book with only three authors that include Stanley Plotkin, Walter Ornstein, and Paul Offit.
It's a giant book of malevolent lying.
Let's go.
I'm Vincent Racaniello, and joining me today is your host, Dr. Paul Offit.
Hi, Vincent.
This is the video version of Paul's column on Substack called Beyond the Noise, cutting to the chase on important health topics.
Today, we're going to take a closer look at Paul's column, Lab Leak Mania.
Why did the New York Times publish an op-ed supporting the lab leak theory?
So I want to ask you, Paul, what was your reaction when you saw this column in the New York Times?
Anger.
Yeah.
Just the same reaction I had when I watched Dr. Fauci testify in front of a congressional subcommittee on June the 3rd.
Oh, so he's talking about the Scooby-Doo performances, right?
All these were performances.
They were performances that were designed to provoke some kind of visceral reaction and then a bunch of people insisting on the truth.
Of course, it's crazy to say it's a lab leak.
and so he's on that ridiculous side but it's it's only feels like a ridiculous side and and it needs to feel like a ridiculous side so that robert malone really feels like he's a rational character so that that robert f kennedy jr feels as rational as possible i'm not really sure where this where this cruise ship is going to crash but i can guarantee you that they are not in control the way they wanted to be at this point and that's why everybody is freaking out the way they're freaking out
This is an important issue, a very important issue.
I mean, you have a, this is the third pandemic coronavirus in the last 20 years.
I think it's safe to assume there'll be another one.
And so it's very important to understand the origin of this virus.
And I think we- It's weird because he says it's the third pandemic virus, but the first two that he claims were real infected less than 10,000 people.
And now they're claiming that this one is still infecting people and that they were able to derive more than 16 million sequences.
From the first SARS, we were able to get about 50 or 60 sequences or a couple hundred.
And then we lost track of it, or we stopped tracking it, or I'm not really sure, but Mr. Jorstin was involved in that PCR test too.
Michael Pottinger was involved in seeding that narrative too, who was involved in 2020 at the start.
All these people that very few people seem to mention ever.
You know, people like Jiki Leakes and Jonathan Engler and all these other people who just pretend to be heroes, but I don't think they're really doing anything.
They're just creating chaos rather than bringing focus on the biological truths that we can all agree on.
That Robert Malone and Judy Mikovits and Paul Offit and Vincent Racaniello are all liars.
we do understand it.
And so I think with that understanding, we have to be able to try and prevent or at least much more quickly respond to the next one.
The lab leak theory is just nonsense.
It's a complete waste of time and money, time that should be spent really trying to figure out how to prevent the next animal to human spillover event.
And the farther away he is from being rational here, the more enticing it is for people that are still caught in the Scooby-Doo.
Still, they're gonna throw things at their screen.
Oh my gosh, he's such a liar.
And that's exactly what this performance is meant to do.
That's exactly what a lot of the performances are meant to do.
And once you see it, once you realize that they're doing it in concert,
It almost completely loses all of its power.
Once you realize that Sasha, and Kevin, and Kevin, and Robert, and Robert, and Pierre, and Peter are all working together, it just doesn't matter anymore.
We just got to get rid of them.
That's the thing.
It makes sense.
It's a complete waste of time and money, time that should be spent really trying to figure out how to prevent the next animal to human spillover event.
You make the statement in the article that two-thirds of the U.S.
believe that the pandemic began in a lab.
That's amazing, isn't it?
That's the effect of the mystery.
So the way that they got us to argue about it and the way that they got us to fight about it on social media, the way that Kevin McKernan said in 2020, that we have to go on Twitter because that's where the argument is happening.
That's where the discussion is occurring.
And that people got censored, but not censored.
And then they rose up Elon Musk because he was for free speech, but all along they've been playing a game.
All along we've been putting ourselves on lists, depending on whether we respond to their latest operation or not.
Did we respond to the call to move to Gab or not?
Did we respond to the call to go to Telegram or not?
Are we subscribed to Locals yet or not?
Did you join his Discord or not?
These are all data points that are being used against us in coordination with these liars so they know where you are and what you're thinking and how they can play with you.
So if they know that you spend time on Mike Eden's, or maybe not Mike Eden's, but if they know that you spend time on Robert Malone's telegram and they know that you have skepticism about somebody, they might put some thing on Robert Malone's telegram that will lead you to another place where that skepticism will be relieved.
I guess Robert Malone's a good guy after all.
These games are very deep.
And yes, these people that are curating this side of the narrative are very segregated from people like Robert Malone.
But they are, without a doubt, part of the exact same operation.
They are definitely part of the exact same operation, even if these people are unaware of the other half of it.
Robert Malone knows for sure.
Although understandable.
I mean, it's much easier to understand that there is an evil force working behind the scenes, some evil scientist who is working to create this virus and to then leak it out to the world to do all this harm.
It's much easier to understand that than the sort of the mechanics behind
going from bat to an intermediate host to a human and how that would occur, even though that's how it occurs.
That's how pretty much 70% of the pathogens that infect humans occur or invariably have their source in animals.
Personally, I think it's an indictment of science education in the US.
I think people just don't understand it.
And as you say, they look for the simple explanations that they get from movies, for example.
By the end of the summer, there's going to be a lot more people that understand this, I can guarantee it.
Because the mini-courses that I'm going to put out for the people that study and for the people that try, the mini-courses are going to... the mini-courses are going to really... they're really going to make something happen here, I guarantee it.
Exactly.
I agree.
I think the people who have done all the work showing that this clearly was an animal to human spillover event should be out there more, although I think they try.
I think it's much easier to be in the misinformation business than the information business.
So Chan writes.
So left-handed monkey wrench asks a good question.
Why are we listening to this guy?
Why would we listen to them?
I want to show that that ongoing, that debate is still ongoing.
This discussion of, of lab leak or natural virus.
There's still people that are insisting on that because they need this limited spectrum of debate.
Where if you go down a rabbit hole, you might meet, might meet Robert Malone.
Who's pretty rational, remember?
He's pretty rational.
He's pretty rational, you know, avian flu is there and it can travel in cows and stuff.
He's not like the defender or, or Brownstone that talks about gain of function being the source of this avian flu.
And so he looks especially rational in between these guys and Paul Offit.
And a lot of them look pretty rational in between Paul Offit and these guys.
By design.
Now the limited spectrum of debate that I've been trying to show you that includes this guy, Paul Offit, also includes... Door.
And you might think, well, what in the world?
How could he contribute to the limited spectrum of debate?
Ooh, you're going to be shocked, because it's actually really gross.
It's actually really gross.
Now, I'm not taking a side about this particular issue, okay?
I'm not taking a side about this particular issue.
I just want you to see how a Five Eyes news network from Australia and Jimmy Dore are being used, wittingly or unwittingly, to create an argument about America.
You're not gonna believe it.
You're really not.
Now, we're gonna talk to a gentleman from America, apparently very popular.
Yeah.
But he's actually been spreading malicious rumors about you and I. And calling us names like you, the tortoise, and me, the hare.
I like the hare.
Let's have a look at it.
Yeah, that's a very good idea.
Will you shut up for a bit?
Look at this.
So, Jackson, you went on this show.
What's this show called?
Uh, James Whale Unleashed.
That's what it's called?
I thought it was called the tortoise and the hare.
spelled h-a-i-r.
Show it, show the tortoise in there.
Now keep in mind, they've already used Jimmy Dore to give Pierre Kory a platform, to give Jay Bhattacharya a platform, to give Robert Malone a platform several times.
So Jimmy Dore is in the network.
It's just a question of to what extent does he understand he's being played versus just, you know, I'm trying to get the truth out and I don't have a sophisticated understanding of what these people could be lying about.
and I'm not going to ask what's behind the curtain anyway even if somebody shows up at my show and gives me an autographed book with their name in it.
And so here's Jimmy Dore being used by again somebody outside of the United States to create an argument
with two bad ideas and argue about it.
Well, that's one of the biggest talk shows, apparently, in America.
You can see why.
So we thought we'd invite Jimmy Dore, who's got a very strange laugh, onto the program.
See if we can make friends with him.
I think he quite fancies you, to be honest.
I like him.
Very good evening, Jimmy.
So well, he scrubbed up to come on the program.
Very nice to see you.
It must be very difficult living in a country like yours.
It must be difficult living in a country like yours.
Do you see what we're doing here?
They can be laughing and they can be ironic and they can be funny and tongue-in-cheek, but the message is really simple.
America sucks.
Americans are shitheads.
Americans don't understand.
Americans made this happen.
Americans sleep at the wheel, etc, etc.
I have no romantic leanings to my friend here at all.
When he says that, it's not really romantic.
So if you're interested, let me know.
It's raw energy.
What about, what about, what about Jackson Hinkle?
I don't know if you've seen it.
He's gorgeous.
He's got.
Will you stop?
And he knows it.
Ignore that.
I mean, it's honestly, it really is.
What sexuality we are is our own business.
Got nothing to be going to appreciate a good looking man.
And the fact you're wearing a skirt under the desk, really, that goes a bit too far.
Yeah.
But yeah, well, he's quite
Quite entertaining, but we did have a go at him afterwards.
I think he got a bit annoyed with us.
But is he a friend of yours?
Oh, yes, he's a friend of mine.
You're telling me that you don't get stirrings in your loins when you're talking to Jackson Hinkle.
Is that what you're saying?
18 years ago.
How old are you?
You're the one talking about it.
I turned 40 18 years ago.
I can beat you 74 next birthday 74
Well, the only reason why somebody should be on the internet at 74 is because they're playing for the wrong team.
Otherwise, you'd be retired by now.
This is crazy.
Oh, really?
And if you're still on the air at 74, you should be, you know, doing well.
Congratulations.
Sure.
You look fantastic for 74.
Thank you very much indeed.
You've got really good makeup downstairs, exceptionally good makeup, as I can see you have.
My favorite thing when I watch your show is when you tell Ash you're going to sack him if he doesn't shut up.
You promised to do that at some point in this interview.
Oh, we've got a bit of use to talking about that.
Oh, let's have a look.
This British couple should think about getting a divorce.
So what I think is happening is that
He's intrigued with Jackson's hair, because he's obviously into hair.
I'm going to fast forward.
All of America and the rest of the world.
I can't believe it.
It's slightly embarrassing.
I don't know what to do.
So they're still just joking around.
And I'm wearing a sort of flowery shirt tonight, which is even more worrying, isn't it?
It is.
I mean, obviously, I mean, that guy, Ash, has an amazing head of hair.
Thanks, man.
It used to be better than this.
We got it cut.
Yeah, this has been clipped.
Oh, really?
I mean, if James Whale has been meddling in the UK since you were a kid, then you understand exactly what's going on here.
It's collaboration between an American and a foreigner to bash and control, demolish the American culture and civilization and system.
And then Jackson has his own, you know, amazing.
They need to convince us to do it ourselves, right?
We're not going to give up our guns.
That's the problem here.
You say I'm like the mother from Psycho.
A little bit.
When did you start doing this job?
I have to confess I started doing it nearly 50 years ago after I'd been on the air as a DJ for a while and got bored.
And talk is quite, it's not like it is in America.
We have certain rules and regulations.
that we have to abide by, which is really I've escaped them a few times.
But yeah, you have to be very careful.
But in America, most big cities would have their own talk stations.
They'd have two or three national stations, wouldn't they?
Yeah, yeah, there's lots of I have a radio show that was on in Los Angeles and New York, and now it's just out of New York at WBA.
It's public radio.
It's not commercial.
So
It's you know, we don't have that kind of influence.
I get to I get to be more free with what I say.
Oh, that would be like the BBC.
You wouldn't be safe.
So that's how you bet on a referee.
Let's let's get serious stuff now.
When if anybody wants to set up a nonprofit where we would put together an AM radio station with national or worldwide coverage, just let me know.
I would love to do it.
I think I think I might have a voice which would be OK for the radio.
going to sort the problems of the middle east out because it doesn't seem to be getting anywhere and this story about them so these two guys these two groups jimmy door show and and the whale unleashed are going to sort out the middle east and they're going to get into a very limited spectrum of debate and they're going to argue very vigorously within it
You see how it's done?
Part of payments where apparently Hamas have been offering... No, this isn't Hamas, this is Jafarta do it.
All right, well... They all do it.
Same to me.
They're offering payments to go out and kill Jews.
Well, if your son blows himself up or kills someone, you get a salary for the rest of your life.
You get payments, thousands of dollars every, you know, a year they'll get.
That's always been there.
You know what I was thinking, because I know you're very pro-Israel in this conflict.
Not anti-Hamas, anti-Hamas.
I'm pro-common sense.
I'm not anti the Palestinian people at all.
I'm anti the people who want to go on and promote, like the marches we get, they've phased out a bit now, saying kill the Jews.
I mean, if you're for the Palestinians, you should get rid of an authoritarian government that's running them under an iron boot.
Yeah.
Well, you know, the weird thing is, is that people always say, well, do you support Hamas?
I'm like, I don't support Hamas.
You know who does?
The Israeli government, the Likud party, Benjamin Netanyahu, suitcases and suitcases full of cash that they gave.
And we all know why that happened now.
because they always want to prop up a terrorist organization inside Palestine so they can say, look, we can't deal with these people, so we have to go in and wipe them out and take their land.
That's a total conspiracy theory and you know it's not true.
What worries me is here we are, we have a country with more explosives in it to blow up the entire planet.
run at the moment by a geriatric who can hardly see or walk, and it's got his finger on the button, and loads of people in the media, like you, I'm afraid, Jimmy, who support terrorists.
I mean, I'm quite worried about the future, to be honest with you.
Okay, so that's enough.
I don't know if it's a joke.
Are they laughing?
Is he laughing?
You see what this could be?
Do you see how twisted and evil it could be?
It's awful what's happening in our world right now, ladies and gentlemen.
It's absolutely awful.
And I don't want to dwell in it.
I just want you to see it.
I want you to be able to see what they're doing.
It is lying in concert.
And the eventual pivot will be, I think, to some kind of thing where
where the use of the internet and the use of censorship and maybe even the use of coordinated liars will be blamed for the pandemic.
And so you can imagine a scenario where they could twist this around and say, you know, because there were all these anonymous accounts that were used against us to convince us of a lab leak, that maybe we have to have digital ID on the internet now.
I mean, it's a weird scenario, but it's not impossible.
And that's because these people are still playing the same damn game.
They're playing this game where they don't talk about 2020 and 2021.
They keep quiet about it.
And they do that because they know that if you start to just talk about transfection as being virology, if you talk about the faith being a lie, then their whole story is bunk.
It's all a joke.
They've gotten us to argue about lab leaks and laboratory viruses and laboratory enrichment and passage.
And it's all nonsense because this illusion of consensus about the worst case scenario was created by them.
The illusion of worst case scenario was created by them.
And they all know that it's just transfection in cell culture, transfection in animals.
or infectious clone manufacturing because that's what they do.
The RNA cannot be collected in the wild and grown in culture.
It has to be sequenced and then it must be made in DNA form so that they can use bacteria or other means to create a lot of it.
then they might have enough to work with.
And so that's what they do often for coronaviruses because they have such a big genome.
They have to use several plasmids, which are just small circular DNAs of a particular length, and then stitch them together, which they give great credit to the wizard Ralph Baric for having invented, but it's actually just normal molecular biology.
And then they mix it with an RNA polymerase or put it directly on cell culture or use electroporation like the electroporation company Inovio uses.
And whatever they do, then they get virology.
They put it on a cell culture, that's virology.
They put it on an animal, that's virology.
But it's transfection of these viral sequences.
It's transfection of the animal or cell culture with viral sequences.
Sequences they claim are viruses that they found in the wild, but in reality could be endogenous signals, or they're equivalent in the wild.
And yes, these same methodologies that are used to make antibodies and venom, according to Brian Artis, are made in this exact way.
They make the DNA, then they make the RNA, and then they make the protein.
The trouble is, is that nobody seems to want to talk about the fact that infectious clones in the virology literature is just transfection.
It's just synthetic DNA and RNA.
And if you made it in quantity, you could put it anywhere you wanted to.
Share it with any number of labs you wanted to.
Always start at the right starting point.
That's why there's something named SARS Urbani.
It's an infectious clone, a synthetic DNA copy of some sequence found in a patient called Urbani in 2002.
We should have a Sohomish County, SARS Sohomish County man.
And we do, in fact, and they distribute it.
Ladies and gentlemen, these people have been lying to us in concert since the beginning.
They are the other side of the equation.
And this is one of the craziest ones right here.
One of the ones that deserves the most scrutiny.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
If you want to understand what has happened to us, understand that weaponized piles of money have convinced us over the last four years to argue about the origins of the novel virus and how to treat it.
And that participating in that argument has actually accepted.
We've all accepted and our kids will soon accept the premise that there was a novel virus and it was probably gain of function.
And this theater does not just include the TV news and the newspapers and magazines.
It also includes social media and Twitter groups and Discord groups and Telegram groups and DM Twitter groups on, I mean, it's everywhere.
And it is a spectacular commitment to lies and the coordinated spectacular commitment to them that has allowed us to get to the point where millions, if not billions of people were at least transfected once.
And so please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
If you liked what you saw, please go to gigahomebiological.com and find a way to support the stream.
If you liked what you saw and you want to share it, please share it at stream.gigahome.bio because that's the one that I pay for and it has no algorithms and it's not asking you to sign up.
And there won't be any advertisements or anything like that.
And you can embed it and you can download everything there if you want to make clips or you want to save them and share with your friends directly.
That's also a great idea.
We do have some conversations at GigaOM.bio.
And again, I do have a website where you can find all of these links centered.
You can find my Scooby-Doo, which is the admission of what I got wrong.
You can find also links to support the stream, which I would
Really appreciate because we are running on fumes here.
Thanks very much for joining me.
I'll see you again soon Probably tomorrow and if it's tomorrow it will definitely be in the afternoon So yeah tomorrow there will be a show for sure Just in the afternoon instead
Very excited.
Lots of good stuff coming very soon, guys.
Lots of good stuff.
Lots of plans.
Plans within plans.
Thanks very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
My music is glitching.
Glitching.
Not sure why it's glitching there.
Thanks guys!